hello um this is an etch-a-sketch
and we were trying to take it apart
until we realized how hard it was and we
wanted to help you guys so basically if
you see such a sketch you get this
groove over here and you can try to pry
it as much as you want right but it's
really tough to take apart you know why
because it looks like there's a lot of
red and a little black piece that you
want to snap off but in reality my
friends it's a big black thing okay now
since you know how many memory will hold
up until we take off Oh also these knobs
take them off before you take off the
right thing the right thing utter trash
it just has a logo on it we needs a logo
hi hello we're taking apart a nice
sketch this is what you get after you
take off the really thin red piece so
the bottom piece is the part that you're
trying to pry no the red pieces you're
trying to pry off the bottom piece you
want to keep second part is it's a glue
this really sticky glue stuff right
around the edges but you can pop off
enough to take off the right thing and
then take off the plastic bit so that
the kids don't cut themselves when they
break the glass which is what we're
about to do next all right here we go
so I heard about this aluminum powder
stuff that's inside here okay we're
trying not to break the glass but I hear
it sticks to their balls in rank - so
you want to bring the the knobs
now you guys can see how they it just
gets works you wanna turn that knob you
want make it circle you the way you make
a circle do you turn yeah yeah turn turn
turn like I have exactly there we go
little circles be amazing okay cool
that's inside and I just catch hello
this is a little powder and these are
your friends good this dad is so cool it
looks it looks like a whole bunch a
little little balls right look at that
but then you look clean clean finger
silver-coated it's amazing and it's like
paint behold are you holding I don't
know I think we need to behold a little
bit this way oh my god oh my god this
job is so cool and this is my
fingerprint alright next time you know I
was this stuff is really cool so what we
have to do next okay well what we gotta
do is to make our CNC machine we're
gonna have to cut out from these joints
something machining wait there's no okay
okay it's it's a machine that cuts out
stuff okay
so in order to make our laser cutter
we're gonna have to cut from here to
here to here to here to have our six by
four holy crap I don't know if you guys
can see it but this stuff is getting
everywhere okay we're gonna have to cut
out the bottom half of our sketch put
back our knobs and clean out the rest
but this stuff Mike I just realized
something
what do you realize it's toughest
dangerous uh-oh how dangerous it's not
gonna get off of anything he gets on
a whole bunch of dirty Jesus we're now
looking into what exactly aluminum
powder is used for and we found some
interesting information aluminum powder
may be ignited by Stagg discharge and
burn extremely high temperatures once
suspended and dust lay and air cloud is
readily ignited and very explosive so
you want like a laser to it absolutely
let's do it I have no idea yeah it is
Oh oh really yeah that the SD does cloud
a dust cloud i'ma blow through blow the
cloud it's a good thing I'm wearing
goggles that's why we have our safety
jar of apricot marmalade it all has to
poop really bad that's gross
you know what I mean though
after playing with aluminum powder
everything you touch turns silver this
can be hazardous
oh those are tears
we'll probably dying we're eating a
little bit of powder it's good to okay